Dammit. how do you
spell "embezzle" in English?
"If you're reading this.
I've successfully rid the
world of one more problem."
"Many of you are wondering
why I took my own life."
"I'm ready to confess that
I've been stealing money
from monte vista point
using fraudulent invoices."
"Due to my ex-wife. Lindsay crane.
who was the mastermind behind this.
I have not been able
to come forward."
"She manipulated members to sign
up for unnecessary trochos procedures
and inflated the cost so we
could embezzle the difference."
"If I were more of a man. I
would have stood up to her."
"But sadly. I have lacked
any spine my entire life."
"Josh."
I haven't done this a lot.
but it really takes a toll.
I can't eat much.
I don't sleep well.
And I spend most
of my days observing.
and it's really odd
how quickly you can tell
whose heart is
in the right place.
It's a tremendous loss
to cut such a life short.
Anyway. I'm quite relieved I
won't feel any of that with you.
Your phones will be
returned after dinner.
The chairwoman wanted to
welcome you all personally.
She's waiting for us in the
executive courtyard with Dr. Kim.
Talk about vip. right?
I've always wanted to see
inside a korean corporation.
- Fuck.
- My god! Are you all right?
That fucking hurt.
No. you poor thing.
It did look like it hurt.
I got enough.
Hey. get her! Quickly!
What the fuck's
wrong with eunice?
Hey. bud!
How's it going?
You okay. man?
It's… late.
No. I know. Sorry.
I just…
Do you have a second to chat?
Hey. there he is.
Nice.
Cheers.
So… you know
what I was thinking?
Maybe… like. what if we fire
up the pj and go to Seoul?
You could surprise Ava.
maybe win some brownie points.
Yeah?
Just a quick little 14-hour
jaunt to score some wife points?
Come on. we… we take. you know.
last-minute trips all the time. right?
Everything all right?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm just…
I'm. like. a little…
antsy post divorce.
- Right.
- Yeah.
And…
Iook. you know what?
Okay. okay.
Between you and me.
I think Lindsay's meeting
a new guy in Korea.
I know. I gotta let it go.
I gotta know. and
I'm not proud of it.
but if you can just
do me this solid.
I'd owe you big-time.
mi amigo.
Let me make some
calls. Get the pj ready.
Yes! Thank you.
I appreciate you.
Same. brother.
I can't wait. So what
do you think? How long?
Wheels up in 30. 15?
- I'll do my best.
- Okay.
- Just sit tight. Sit tight.
So fucking weird. Who
even runs like that?
Yeah. it's very strange.
Austin. you were
close with her. right?
No. not really.
You guys had a strictly
professional relationship. right?
Yeah. nine to five. Profesh.
One time at the club. eunice
said she wasn't hungry.
Then I saw her eating.
I'll never forget
it. Weird girl.
Okay. okay. Let's not
let eunice ruin this dinner.
Everyone. please eat.
Can I get a large bowl
of rice and a lot of coffee?
A lot of coffee.
Austin. you have
to try everything.
The chef is the best in Korea.
It's obvious they're
not telling the truth.
My husband is so
happy that you are here.
Don't make this worse.
Our plan is still working.
Yeah. ok.
Cheers. cheers.
- Cheers.
Cheers.
Lindsay. I heard you are the
reason Ava and Ashley are here.
Thank you for bringing so
much business to trochos.
That's very nice.
but. no. actually. it was Ashley
who sold all of the packages.
She's just being humble.
Lindsay's convinced.
like. half the club to sign up.
Shut up. It was the both of you.
Chairwoman. you really should
make them the faces of trochos.
Is there a bathroom nearby?
Tell him to sit down.
Really.
Honey. didn't he say he was close with
eunice? Shouldn't we search him again?
You need to calm down.
Doctor. I don't have the phone.
Eunice left it in Montecito.
We could actually get
someone to find it and mail it.
I don't care about the
phone. I can buy a new phone.
I mean. if eunice still
had the phone on her...
Then we are completely
fucked! This is serious right now!
Shut your mouth
and eat your food.
I swear there's a new iPhone.
like. every week. I hate it. Like. stop.
You know. Steve Jobs and
Sean penn had dinner at this table.
Sean penn?
Wow.
It seems jb has failed.
Yeah.
And he's here in
my house right now.
No. I'm not… I know. but can't you
bring him in for questioning or something?
Well. I was the one that
forwarded the shady invoices.
I don't know who sent it. but I do know
that Josh was fucking the bev cart girl.
and I think she turned him in.
Yeah.
Hey. listen to me.
It's just not right. man.
I mean. he's
stealing from the club.
You know. and after
all we've done for him.
I'll personally pay the city
whatever it takes to stop this guy.
Yeah.
Yeah. that'd be great
if you just stop by.
Maybe he'll go with
you to the station.
All right. I'll see if I can stall.
All right. thank you. sheriff.
I'll be over soon. okay? I
got his kibble and his treats.
Make sure he eats slowly
so he doesn't throw up.
This is crazy. I'm coming over.
You're gonna tell
me what's going on.
- No. no. no. no. no. No. no.
- Josh?
No. No. no. It's okay. I'm
gonna come to you. all right?
You're already doing me a
big favor by looking after him.
I can tell there's
something very wrong.
No. There's nothing wrong.
Just a last-minute work trip.
I got a call about fraudulent invoices
under mom's name. Are you in trouble?
No. you… that's… it's too long
to explain that right now. okay?
Look. I don't even wanna
know. I don't wanna know.
But whatever's going on.
you need to call tío Luis
and get on a flight
to Havana right now.
He's got the extra room. You
can stay there as long as you need.
Yeah.
Promise me you'll go.
You'll be safe there. okay?
Here are your phones.
The car will be right here in the
morning to take you to the clinic.
- I can't wait.
- Get some good sleep.
We'll leave some security
here to ensure maximum safety.
- Good night.
- Thank you.
We're fucked. Lindsay.
We're completely fucked.
Park's pinning her
money laundering on us.
Jb tried to kill me and
make it look like a suicide.
The cops have the
invoices. We can't go to them.
We can't trust anyone. okay?
I'm flying to you right now. Stay put.
Park cannot suspect that you know.
I need you to stay safe. linds.
Please be safe. I love you.
Hey. you've reached
Joshua mart...
Ava.
Are you there? Ava?
Yeah?
My god. Ava. I need your help.
I think we are in real danger.
Park has been using the club
to cover up a death
at her husband's clinic.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
That's too bad.
But… I don't really know
what I could do to help.
so if you could stop
knocking… no. Ava. we... Ava!
Ava. what's wrong with you?
Did you know Josh was stealing?
Did you know the whole time?
Don't lie. I just spoke to
Troy. The whole club knows.
Okay.
So we had a brief lapse of judgment
for. like. a day. and then we stopped.
Park is just… is blowing it
completely out of proportion
to pin her money
laundering on us.
Please. can you just call Troy
and ask him to rally the members?
I really need to go to bed.
I have a big day tomorrow.
Ava.
Please. We really
need your help.
Can you just call Troy?
Just. friend to friend.
think about everything
Josh has done for you guys.
I mean. he had
to. That's his job.
Are you… are you being serious?
Sorry.
Today's just really
drained me emotionally.
So I'd rather not get involved.
- Ava...
- Have a good night.
No…
I think I'm gonna take a
separate car to the clinic tomorrow.
It's not happening.
Try squatting with your
feet on the toilet seat.
You know. eating it
was actually really smart.
Stop talking. You're
making it worse.
Just trying to help.
Hey. at least I called it right.
- I said the Koreans were up to something.
- Shit.
I see it. I see the USB.
Nice.
Was it from the squatting?
Hey. eunice. it's me.
I have the USB. Just call
me and tell me where to go.
I hope you're safe.
Good thing you didn't order
all those desserts like me.
I can't believe this
is actually happening.
I mean. I know we hear about
it. and these things happen.
but I can't believe
it's actually happening.
You know what I mean?
I'm sorry I overreacted.
I really thought you
were cheating on me.
And I know I keep doing
that. and I'm gonna get better.
I downloaded a
meditation app and...
I'm not in love
with you anymore.
I swear I've never
cheated on you.
but the last few months have
put a new perspective
on everything.
We've been getting better.
Ash. you went through my phone
at the hospital and lied about it.
You killed our boss's
dog and lied about it.
I don't even wanna know what
else you've been hiding from me.
Well. we're gonna
have a baby. so…
So I'm sorry you're gonna have a
baby with someone you hate so much.
My god.
Yeah.
We're gonna be parents?
If we want.
We have a viable embryo.
- Don't pick up.
- I have to.
I have to make sure she's safe.
- No. you don't.
- Yeah. I do.
I'm in love with eunice.
What?
No. no. no. No.
you think you are.
But… it's too
early to know that.
Look. at least you know my
shit. and I know yours. okay?
How do you know her
shit is that much better?
How do you know you won't
repeat the same cycle with her too?
Listen. listen.
We have something
that park really wants.
And if we deliver this.
then we can have
anything we really want.
Can you close your
eyes for a second
and just imagine us
ten years from now
with our own perfect little kid?
He's got your smile.
And my eyes.
And he's so cute.
And we have our own
place with our own yard.
and you can teach him
how to throw a football.
And I'll make sloppy Joes
on sun days before the games.
Austin.
we know how the world works now.
We know how hard it is.
He's got my smile?
Yes!
And your sense of humor and…
And your kind heart.
And he could be here in nine
months if we bring this to park.
But if we don't. then who knows?
I mean. we've seen
it with our own eyes.
She has all the money in
the world. She could Bury us.
And then we would've
done the right thing for what?
Can you just…
Can you just sleep on it?
Please?
If you still feel strongly in the
morning. we'll go straight to the police.
I promise.
Okay.
I'll sleep on it.
You've reached Lindsay.
Please leave a message.
Lindsay. I just landed.
I'm heading your
way right now. okay?
I'm going straight
to your hotel.
Just. call me as soon
as you get this. please.
I love you. Bye.
Hey!
Hey. Available? Good? Okay.
No! Hey! Wait!
Where is it. ash?
What did you do?
What's wrong?
Is everything okay?
I put the USB right
here. Where is it?
I don't know. I… I didn't
go anywhere near it.
There was literally no one else
in here. Hand it over right now.
Austin.
I swear on our unborn
child. I don't know where it is.
I've been sleeping all
night. I'm so jet-lagged.
Fuck.
Maybe someone snuck in at night.
One time I was staying at a motel.
and the housekeeper just walked right in.
Austin.
She's very powerful.
She's not gonna go down easy.
Then what are we gonna do?
There's not much we can do. I
mean. we could try asking the hotel.
but… who knows. maybe
she got to them too.
All we can do is pretend
like everything's normal
and get home in one piece.
Hello?
Good morning.
The chairwoman wanted me to inform
you that her best security is waiting
to take you to
trochos clinic now.
There is a dead korean buried
under the mulch at my house.
I don't think any of us
planned for that. right?
We… we have a common hurdle.
Let's just… let's work together. Okay?
Mr. Martín. the crimes you've committed
are very serious. There's no deal to make.
No. there's always
a deal to make.
There's always a deal to make.
You need the club to cover
up the death at trochos. right?
I literally run that club.
Do you think it's just gonna be
smooth sailing after you get rid of me?
There's gonna be loose ends.
Whenever you work with
people. there's always loose ends.
So let me help you tie 'em
up. I'll tie 'em up with you.
That death is due to an
unfortunate preexisting condition.
which happens from time to
time with elective procedures.
which is why patients sign
a waiver prior to surgery.
They're protesting again.
These protests always
cause traffic. shit.
That's why I suggested
the longer route. doctor.
Yeah. so.
I mean. look at those idiots.
They think that
will change things?
Everything's rigged
from above anyway.
Right?
The illusion of a democracy
is necessary though.
I know that. Who
doesn't know that?
I know. but it's frustrating...
Wait. Is that hae-mi? Hae-mi?
Where?
Over there. over
there... hae-mi. hae-mi!
What is she doing over
there. skipping work?
I don't think that's her.
That's hae-mi. Look at
those tits... I made those tits!
I could recognize those
from 100 meters away!
Well. that's not my
area of expertise.
This fucker! He's
trying to run away!
Are you okay? Are you okay?
This fucker... running away...
Hey. punch! Punch me!
- Punch!
- Punch?
I do actually need my phone.
There's photos on there
that I'd like to show the doctor.
- I'm so sorry. miss.
- It's not a big deal.
Miss. you can use our
computer to look up any photos.
It's company policy
to prohibit phones.
Can I just have my phone? Fuck!
Once your friend is done
changing. please get comfortable.
Thank you so much.
That's how she is. by the way.
And… and the photos on her
phone aren't on the Internet.
They're from one of the special
features on the mockingjay part 1 blu-ray.
I mean. who wouldn't
wanna look like j-law. right?
Please have some coffee.
There's sugar and half-and-half.
I'll be back soon.
Thank you.
Hello.
Your room is ready.
- Are you mad at me?
- What?
I didn't touch the USB.
I know.
I just wanna go home.
Window in the dressing
room doesn't open.
You didn't fully change.
No. I didn't fully fucking
change. you stupid bint.
You know. we're not
actually here for a makeover.
We need to find a
fucking way out of here.
- Let's not rock the boat right now.
- Why are you being so calm?
What's going on
with the two of you?
Nothing.
We just need to lay low
and do what we signed up for.
What the fuck are
you talking about?
There are men with
guns everywhere.
They're here to protect us.
Austin. can you back me up. please?
Austin.
Hey. hey.
So. it's like...
Your first marriage. you're
in love with each other.
But eventually. enjoying
life becomes more important.
That's why in your
second marriage...
You're not looking to
be in love with someone.
You're looking to
love life with someone.
Chairwoman park told
me that on our first date.
And back then... I
thought she might be right.
I realize now though...
That this perspective
is blinded by privilege.
Completely clueless.
To them life is... well.
how should I say...
A generous. pleasant.
and polite... lover?
I mean. that's what
it's like for them.
But that is not
life's true face.
Money and power mask it
but if you take its mask off...
Its eyes are so cold. They
couldn't be any colder.
Waiting for your fucking
demise. that kind of face.
But...
Life will always
reveal its true self.
That's true for a
billionaire. or for anyone.
And when that time
comes. what then?
If chairwoman park married me
because she loved life and not me...
What happens when
life turns on her?
What do you think you'd do?
What would you do?
I don't know. I
really don't know.
Maybe this is the true test
in this life. don't you think?
I feel like I'm being tested.
We stay by each other's side
without ever receiving true love.
And yet. we keep on
living with each other.
We have to keep living... isn't that
itself the test? That's what I'm saying.
Anyway. with the phone gone. it's only
a matter of time before she turns on me.
So before that happens. I figure I
do it first and work with the authorities.
Then maybe my sentence could be reduced.
even a little. That's what I'm saying.
Understand?
For sure he said "cold."
and I know he said "wife."
And I think I heard "soup."
So maybe the chairwoman is
preparing some sort of… korean gazpacho.
Duh. It's. about dinner.
Can you tell him… we
have no dietary restrictions.
- I don't...
- Yeah. no. no. no.
Meal. Dinner. We
will eat everything.
My god. fuck me.
I mean…
You were acting like you're fluent
in korean. what's wrong with you?
Alright. look here.
I mean… police.
Yeah? Police.
He said police.
I'm saying let's arrest
chairwoman park.
Arrest... police. what?
How do you say
"arrest" in English?
Arrest… I'm saying... police.
Saying "police" again.
And I'm saying... let's arrest.
Police! Arrest! Arrest!
- Arrest!
- He's helping to arrest… arrest park!
- Arrest park.
- Yes!
He's working with
the police. Thank god.
My goodness.
Honey...
Shit.
Fuck! Run! Go!
Shit. …
Watch out!
Shit! Shit! Shit!
My fucking god!
Okay.
- Ava!
Ava. wake up! Ava!
Ava. wake up right now!
Go. go. go. go!
We have to get out of here!
If chairwoman park catches you. she'll
interrogate you until you shit blood.
Hold fire! Don't
shoot the others!
Chairwoman wants
us to bring them in!
Austin! My god! Are you okay?
Come on!
So we just need to distract the guards
for long enough to get around there.
There's no way. They're
coming right towards us.
Watch this.
I'm not gonna "watch
this." What are you doing?
I throw it past them. they look
the other way. we run away.
Boom. easy.
- Are you sure you can throw it that far?
- Of course I can.
Baby. it's not that I don't think you
can. but if you don't. then they kill us.
The guard said not to shoot us.
She wants us alive for some reason.
The guard said?
I don't trust your korean
for a fucking second.
All right. there's gotta
be another way around.
Fuck it.
Go. go. go. go!
Lindsay! Hey!
Lindsay! It's me!
My god! Lindsay!
Hey! Lindsay!
My second husband always said.
"love is putting other
person over yourself."
But as soon as you are born.
you cry for mommy's milk.
You do not care about her.
You only care about yourself.
Lindsay! Lindsay!
Maybe you put others
over self a few times.
but only when it is easy.
The universe is not
designed for this.
Thank god we
survived billions of years
from tiny cell to
bacteria to monkey
because we only care about self.
That is why capitalism works.
It is a system of nature.
System of the self.
Love lives in this system.
All relationships
exist in this system.
They're all the same.
another way to serve the self.
That is all I was to Dr. Kim.
And that is all he was to me.
That is why I'm
not crying right now.
And that is why I'm not
worried about any of you.
Hold them here until I
decide what to do with them.
If park pins the blame on us.
then we'd split the
charges and get out sooner.
Knowing these kids. we've got to assume
they're gonna pin the blame on us. right?
So then we would go to prison
for longer. and… and they wouldn't.
So then. by that logic. we should
blame everything on the kids. right?
What happens then?
Well. so then it would be like a
he-said-she-said sort of thing. or…
Or I don't know… or maybe
it's who park corroborates more.
Or… I don't know.
I've got no idea.
Yeah. I don't know.
We don't know.
- Come. sit down.
- What?
Do you wanna just
sit down with me?
But we've got to
come up with a plan.
Maybe we can just sit
down and not know together.
Yeah.
I know.
You know. you really fucked us
with your whole escape attempt.
Yeah. I really did.
Should've gone to Cuba.
You hate your family.
You hate my family.
I don't think they like me.
You're gonna make fun of me.
but I heard a podcast that said
the average human only
has 960 months to live.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Nine hundred and sixty?
- Yeah. isn't that crazy?
Nine hundred and sixty.
Well. we haven't wasted it.
Nope.
We haven't.
Hey.
I think you're right.
I think the kids are gonna try
and throw us under the bus.
and we have to do the same.
We have to protect ourselves.
Yeah.
Yeah. I… I think that's right.
The next time a guard
comes in here to check on me.
I'm gonna ask for us to
have a meeting with park.
Yeah.
Wish I could see you.
Me too.
I can't hear what
they're saying.
But they're definitely
up to something.
They're for sure gonna
throw us under the bus.
We gotta make a move first.
- Did you hear me?
- Yeah.
Okay. well. come
on. We can't give up.
We can crawl out
through the ceiling.
I'm not sure where we'll
end up. but it's something.
Well. we can't do
anything without the USB.
You don't know
where it is. right?
Can we not do this again?
Okay.
I know you think I'm a total piece of
shit and that I've changed or whatever.
And. okay. maybe I have.
But. like. people change.
You know. I'm
sorry. but they do.
You know. they grow up.
and they make mistakes.
and it's not the worst thing
in the world to make mistakes.
trying to hold on to
someone that you love.
And I'm gonna hold
on forever. Austin.
I am. I'm never letting go.
You don't actually love me.
What?
I love you more than anything.
You think you do.
But you just have
abandonment issues.
No. I don't.
Hey. look at me
when we're talking.
Every single action in
your life is driven by the fact
that your mom and dad
divorced when you were a baby
and started completely
new lives without you.
That's… that's not true.
And all you want is to
be put first by someone.
Anyone.
I'm not judging it.
We all have our shit.
We're all just acting out because
of something that happened before.
But you don't want me. ash.
You just don't
wanna be left by me.
I'm sorry.
But it's over.
No. wait. wait!
Annyeonghaseyo.
Chairwoman… me… meeting.
Meet… park… me… together.
Start talking normally. or
I'll beat the shit out of you.
Well. apologies.
I'd like a meeting
with the chairwoman.
- Yeah. I fucking gathered that.
- Right.
I want to confess to
everything. I did it all.
- I'm gonna make this super easy.
- Josh. what are you doing?
- I just need her to guarantee…
- Josh!
…no one else will take the blame. and
that she will ensure Lindsay's safety.
No! Josh! What
are you doing? Josh!
- All right.
- No! Stop it! Stop it!
Josh. what are you doing?
Josh!
No! Josh!
Josh?
Josh! Josh!
I'll always love you. Austin.
Ashley.
I'm sorry.
Think of what you're
saying before you speak
these days I can
go without enemies
we're killing off the
option to make amends…
Taxi! Taxi!
Sir... fuck. korean.
- Sir. police. Quickly.
- The police station?
Can I use your cell phone?
Haendeupon? For an emergency?
Yeah. here.
Thank you.
Nobody loves me like you…
Hello?
- Eunice.
- Austin!
I have the USB. and I'm heading
to the police station right now.
My god. thank you so much.
I'll update the detectives.
I broke up with Ashley.
Okay.
I… I'm gonna call the
authorities I've been working with
and. let them know
the good news.
Okay. okay.
I love you.
Text me which station you end up
at. and I'll have them meet you there.
Okay.
I love you.
Love you too. Gotta go.
Nobody loves me like you
sir. I want to go to
a different address.
Josh! Josh!
Josh!
I'm sorry.
It's gonna be okay.
Are you gonna be okay?
Yeah.
I'm gonna wait for you.
I love you. I love you.
- I love you.
- I love you. Be careful.
What a fantastic turnout today!
It's incredible to see how close-knit
our community has become.
They say if you wanna
go quickly. go alone.
If you wanna go
far. go together.
I want to extend my heartfelt thanks
to our generous sponsors tonight.
Montecito jewelers.
Lewis and Lewis.
Rest in peace.
Mr. Young. We miss you.
Thank you to our generous
members. our incredible staff.
and. of course. our queen
bee. chairwoman park.
who couldn't join us
today. but sends her best.
We love her.
You know. in some ways. we're
like the very bees we're saving.
all working together in
service of something greater.
And I am so grateful
to be serving you all
as general manager
here at monte vista point.
which. of course. wouldn't be
possible without my incredible husband.
whose hands
are a bit full lately.
Say hi. Ashton.
Hi!
Whoo!
Ash. Ash. can you squeeze us
in for the back nine at 10:00 A.M.?
Of course.
And we have to do
another double date soon.
Last time was so magical.
Yeah. I think we're around
this weekend. right. babe?
Yeah. I'll make
a res at lucky's.
- Can't wait.
- There we go.
You guys are the
best. You really are.
- Love you.
- Get home safe.
Fucking love those guys.
Hey. can you
read to him tonight?
I have so much to catch up on.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Hey. my man. what's
good? You all right?
Nice. Nothing like
the present. brother.
Hey. you guys okay?
Damon. keep your head up. man.
- What's up?
- Hey.
Papito. I got
your lucky strikes.
I know I took a minute. Thank
you for your Patience. brother.
Gushers for my man Wendell.
Gav.
These were really
hard to come by.
They're just for
your nails. right?
- Nails only.
- Yeah.
Okay.
- I appreciate it.
- Appreciate you.
Yo. so my guy finally
got details on Lindsay.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You were right.
bro. She did move.
Yeah. she went and
moved out to the countryside.
Actually. around the time
she started calling less.
Yeah.
Yeah. that makes sense.
Well. I don't know if you
wanna hear this or not.
but she did remarry.
And I know you're getting out of here.
so… so do you want the address or…
No.
No. I'm good.
I'm good.
Appreciate you.
How we doing over
there? Everybody all right?
It's been eight years
since scandal rocked the local
community of Montecito. California.
On a quiet spring morning.
members of monte
vista point country club
woke to the news that their
beloved general manager.
Joshua martín. had been
embezzling and laundering money
to help a Dr. Kim cover
up a patient's death
at trochos skin
clinic in South Korea.
where Kim was found
deceased after taking his own life.
Our own Elaine
percival joins us now
for an exclusive
interview with Mr. Martín.
Josh. how does it feel to
finally be a free man again?
What's going through
your mind today?
Well. yeah. I feel pretty good.
I've had a lot of time
to reflect. obviously.
and. made a lot of mistakes.
I hurt a lot of people.
And life certainly didn't turn
out the way I thought it would.
But. i'm… I'm looking
forward to the next chapter.
And most importantly. I'm just…
I'm really glad that
everyone I love is happy.
Dad made sausage rolls!
Ooh. yummy!
Sorry. she's just excited.
Take your time. love.
That's all right. I'm just gonna
take a quick shower. Be out in a sec.
- Love you.
- I love you.
Love you. Come on.
Do you remember
what I always said?
That I'd never end
up like my mother
old and filled with regret.
Well. despite my best efforts...
I am now old.
And filled with regret.
Even all the money in
the world cannot buy...
Time. ever passing.
Seasons. ever changing.
This great. even
beautiful cycle of life...
Leaves us no choice
but to accept it gladly.
Acres
visible horizon
right where it starts and ends
when did we start the end?
God. I love that face.
Acres
visible illusion
where it starts. it
ends love like a sunset